DTW settings, terms and cond, links (#277)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/desktop-wallet/get-started-desktop.rst

Prerequisites
=============

> -  Run a node on the Concordium blockchain. The node enables the Desktop Wallet to interact with the Concordium blockchain to receive updates and submit transactions. You can run a node using :ref:`Windows<run-node-windows>`, :ref:`macOS <run-node-macos>`, and :ref:`Docker <run-a-node>` or :ref:`Ubuntu <run-node-ubuntu>` for Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Run a node on the Concordium blockchain. The node enables the Desktop Wallet to interact with the Concordium blockchain to receive updates and submit transactions. You can run a node using :ref:`Windows<run-node-windows>`, :ref:`macOS <run-node-macos>`, and :ref:`with Docker <run-a-node>` or :ref:`a Debian package <run-node-ubuntu>` on Linux.
```
